I didn't expect it.
The one pressing the bottom of the box turned out to be just a broken three-flower porcelain
This blue and white porcelain
I can't be with Master at all
The antiques I bought
More in my opinion
This three-flower porcelain is only worth 1 million
500,000 600,000 hey
Lu Yao doesn't mean anything else
I am against you today with pure heart
I don't like this crap either
It's just like raising a fight with you
1 million
Lu Yao this
Master, do you have the ability to continue?
It's not my money anyway
Lu Yao
This broken altar cloud
Just treat it as a gift from Ben Shao.
Just as I send you to the end
Hahaha ok
Master, don't regret it
Ming Dynasty official kiln blue and white porcelain belongs to Miss Shi
I declare this auction
Shi Tianzong received the final total price of 330 million
Shi Yaxian received a total price of
Master
I will teach you what it means to have no eyeballs today